Fix link in Object Types doc (#1739)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/handbook-v2/Object Types.md

type AppleBox = Box<Apple>;
```

> This also means that we can avoid overloads entirely by instead using [generic functions](<./More on Functions.md#generic-functions>).

Reviewer: Thanks - we switched to using the real URLs in links

```suggestion
This also means that we can avoid overloads entirely by instead using [generic functions](/docs/handbook/2/functions.html#generic-functions).
```
